The fonts used in the PolyFonts library are derived from several
different sources. They come from the Gnome project
(http://www.gnome.org/fonts/) Bitstream Vera fonts, the Hershey fonts,
the PEX font, OpenOffice.org fonts, and the Ray Larabie fonts.  Copies
of the copyright notices and or license agreements are include in this
directory. In all cases I am distributing font data derived from the
originals, but not the same as the original.

The polygonal and outline fonts are derived from the Bitstream Vera
fonts distributed by the Gnome project. The copyright notice and
license in reproduced in the VeraLicense file in this directory. There
are very few restrictions of the use of these fonts and I have made my
best effort to comply with those few restrictions.  The license allows
derivative works, but does not allow you to use the names “Bitsream” 
or “Vera” to be associated with derivative works. So, none of the
fonts derived from the Bitstream Vera fonts use those names.

The PEX fonts (pfStrokeRoman and pfStrokeRomanMono) are part of the
X11 distribution and are covered under the X11 license.  A form of
this font is used in the GLUT library.

The Hershey fonts are widely used stroke fonts. As far as I can tell
they are considered to be in the public domain in the form I'm using
in PolyFonts. They have been widely used for many years and are
commonly treated as being public domain.

The OpenOffice.org fonts are distributed under your choice of the GPL,
the LGPL, or the SISSL license. Which ever you chose to follow.

The Larabie fonts are covered by their own license. I asked Ray
Larabie if I could include them with PolyFonts and this is what he
said:

        Hi Bob,

        Yes, you can include my fonts. The license agreement is the same for all
        fonts so just make sure that the users can find it fairly easily. You
        might want to make it clear that users don't have to get special
        permission to use my fonts in a game but I always appreciate a copy of
        the final product, swag etc - if you think it's appropriate to mention
        it somewhere. Your call.

        Cheers,

        Ray Larabie
        www.typodermic.com
        www.larabiefonts.com

So, feel free to use them in your games. Just remember Ray.



